we'll take a hospital for example i do
not know how a hospital works i know
that people who work in hospitals that i
talk to
say that at the moment the organization
is absurd
i
know that nurses spend increasing
proportions of their time doing
paperwork and complain that they don't
actually
they're not even able to take care of
patients in the way that they would like
to because of the overhang of
administration and sort of senselessness
of managerialism i know that
uh in emergency situations when those
administrators have been forced to go
home things actually get smoother well
again
what would happen if we unleashed that
knowledge you know take the caregivers
uh the nurses specifically
i think all the people who work in the
hospital actually perform function
including the cleaners
on
service workers of one kind or another
get them together to compare notes on
what they already know but basically
aren't allowed to talk about aren't um
and aren't allowed to imagine uh and
combined forces and and through and
imagine what would a hospital be like
that wasn't crazy you know
how would you reorganize the things
what administrators actually do
something that actually helps you do
your job and which one's hindered how
can we change one to the other